Update hyperqard.md (#6)
dabacon/essays: hyperqard.md

5 points for using Grover to search a database.

> 5 points for inventing a new number by which to compare qubit counts.

Reviewer: Suggest a slightly different wording:
"5 points for every new metric designed to make you look better.  5 more points if that number is a just a renaming of a previous metric."
This future proofs it beyond past transgressions.  What do you think?

Author: Great improvement!

Author: ```suggestion
5 points for every new metric designed to make you look better. 5 more points if that number is a just a renaming of a previous metric.
```
